hi everyone in my previous video I
shared my Brazilian Aliexpress with you
all and I've had it for about 5 months
now and having hair that long and making
it last needs a good revival every now
and that I start with a bleach bath
which I saw on spiritual gal zero sevens
channel all you do is mix a gallon of
water and 1/4 cup of bleach in the sink
and let the hair soak in it for about
two to three minutes ok so now I'm
soaking the hair in extra virgin olive
oil and this helps to get your hair to
feel conditioned nourish and that
healthy look ok so I'm using this egg to
help condition the hair if your hair is
really dry only use the egg yield and
not the egg whites this will help to
bring back moisture to the hair you can
use any shampoo or conditioner your
favorite or whatever works best for you
I'm using the hello hydration two-in-one
shampoo and conditioner I use it as my
shampoo but I like that it has
conditioner in it to help maintain my
hair and leave the moisture in it
instead of taking all the moisture out
which shampoo ducts as my conditioner
I'm using the organic hydrating
macadamia oil I really wanted to get the
renewing argan oil but it wasn't in
store so I just decided to go with this
one and I'm glad I did because it makes
a real difference to the hair
okay so now there is going to be put in
the microwave for about 30 to 60 seconds
you can do this or you can actually
physically blow-dry the hair and put the
heat on it while it's trying to soak up
all the conditioner and the extra-virgin
olive oil that we just put in the hair
your choice now let the hair air dry or
you can blow-dry whichever you prefer
just make sure you some heat protectant
and style as desired and what lock
you're done I hope this helped and now
you can bring your old extensions back
to life
you